<!-- Template: https://gdpr.eu/privacy-notice/ -->

Territory Bro is an open source project developed and hosted by [Esko Luontola](https://www.luontola.fi/about). This
privacy policy will explain how we use the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.

## What data do we collect?

Territory Bro collects the following data:

- Personal identification information (name, profile picture, email address, street address)

## How do we collect your data?

You directly provide Territory Bro with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:

- Login to our website

Territory Bro may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:

- When you have requested a congregation to not visit you, and they then enter your street address into Territory Bro to
  remember that request. This information will be covered by that congregation's privacy policy.

## How do we store your data?

Territory Bro stores your data inside the European Union.

When a congregation removes some do-not-calls, that information is removed immediately from the live database.
Previously made database backups will be removed automatically after a month.

## What are your data protection rights?

Territory Bro would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled
to the following:

**The right to access** – You have the right to request Territory Bro for copies of your personal data. We may charge
you a small fee for this service.

**The right to rectification** – You have the right to request that Territory Bro correct any information you believe is
inaccurate. You also have the right to request Territory Bro to complete the information you believe is incomplete.

**The right to erasure** – You have the right to request that Territory Bro erase your personal data, under certain
conditions.

**The right to restrict processing** – You have the right to request that Territory Bro restrict the processing of your
personal data, under certain conditions.

**The right to object to processing** – You have the right to object to Territory Bro's processing of your personal
data, under certain conditions.

**The right to data portability** – You have the right to request that Territory Bro transfer the data that we have
collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please
contact us by email: <privacy-policy-email>

## Cookies

Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior
information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar
technology

For further information, visit <https://allaboutcookies.org>.

## How do we use cookies?

Territory Bro uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:

- Keeping you signed in
- Understanding how you use our website

## What types of cookies do we use?

There are a number of different types of cookies. However, our website uses:

- Functionality – Territory Bro uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously
  selected preferences. These could include which shared links or QR codes you have opened, and what language you
  prefer.

## How to manage cookies

You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.
However, some of our website features may not function as a result.

## Privacy policies of other websites

The Territory Bro website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you
click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.

## Privacy policies of congregations

Congregations can enter into Territory Bro information about do-not-calls, i.e. people who have requested that they
would not be visited. You should visit
the [local congregation in your area](https://www.jw.org/en/jehovahs-witnesses/meetings/) to read their privacy policy.

## Changes to our privacy policy

Territory Bro keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy
was last updated on <last-updated>.

## How to contact us

If you have any questions about Territory Bro's privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise
one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us by email: <privacy-policy-email>

## How to contact the appropriate authority

Should you wish to report a complaint, or if you feel that Territory Bro has not addressed your concern satisfactorily,
you may contact the [Information Commissioner's Office](http://www.tietosuoja.fi/).
